h1. Description

p. ar_to_chart generates Highcharts-based charts from an ActiveRecord result set. For example:

bc. Product.all.to_chart(:price, :product)

p. Will generate HTML for a chart container and javascript to render the chart in the browser.

h2. Dependencies

ar_to_chart depends on:

*	jQuery (jquery.com)
* 	Highcharts (www.highcharts.com)
*	arToChart javascript object (found in the files directory of the gem). This is the javascript interface between ar_to_chart and the Highcharts library
*	ar_to_chart.css (found in the files directory of the gem).  This css defines the attributes used by the ar_to_chart javascript.

h2. Examples

p. Coming soon

h2. Options

p. Also coming soon

h1. License

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2010 Kip Cole

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.